Document configuration settings (#285)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/advanced-config.md

| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_ROUTE_TEMPLATE_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED` | ASP.NET span and resource names are based on routing configuration if applicable. | `true` |
| `SIGNALFX_INSTRUMENTATION_ELASTICSEARCH_TAG_QUERIES` | Enable the tagging of a Elasticsearch command PostData as `db.statement`. It may introduce overhead for direct streaming users. | `true` |
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_DELAY_WCF_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED` | Enable the updated WCF instrumentation that delays execution until later in the WCF pipeline when the WCF server exception handling is established. | `false` |
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_KAFKA_CREATE_CONSUMER_SCOPE_ENABLED` | Enable to close consumer scope on method enter, and start a new one on method exit. | `true` |

> | `SIGNALFX_TRACE_{0}_ENABLED` | Configuration pattern for enabling/disabling specific integration, e.g in order to disable kafka integration, set `SIGNALFX_TRACE_KAFKA_ENABLED=0`|  |

Reviewer: Should it not be `SIGNALFX_TRACE_Kafka_ENABLED=false` ? Found here: `ImmutableIntegrationSettingsCollectionTests.cs`

Also a lot of tests have the following code:

```
SetEnvironmentVariable($"SIGNALFX_TRACE_{nameof(IntegrationId.SqlClient)}_ENABLED", "false");
```

Can you double-check it?

Author: double-checked

Reviewer: it worked on Windows but it problaly not work for Linux. See: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.environment.getenvironmentvariable?view=net-6.0

```suggestion
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_{0}_ENABLED` | Configuration pattern for enabling/disabling a specific library instrumentation, e.g in order to disable Kafka instrumentation, set `SIGNALFX_TRACE_Kafka_ENABLED=false` | `true` |
```

Reviewer: Addressed https://github.com/signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing/pull/285/commits/a76985d0be3b7eb2d0b8bb5d939a8270843c36ee
